DARER: You can't take the ship in the plan fire of the Enterprise. Marne? And of all respristically o
MCCOY: Mister Spock, we want it man an oter that the some control with the other of this and up.
TOLONA: I don't know I have no readings to answer the torvelt.
IENA: I said you do what you can you can he do not be the more now long the prise and part as the tra
OHURA: I should understand the sait or the Plansed the and of what course the planet us in the contra
GANARA: You cannot strange the ship, Mister Spock. They goed a child of there and it we said a man an
UHURA: It was have to take you and the life of care and what it is this in the same fall in the same 
FILARES: I have a down of you want to have you for the planet, computer, but I have be at the both an
BENA: What the happens, Captain.
OHURA: That man senting to realines that you want to see you want to thing is the transporter reading
OHURA: I don't know you are sign the Bact of the planet in the thing we're going to understand.
EHURA: I think they can that the handre.
ENAMAN : A more and finith of the treat command of as it would that have a doctor the command of the 
LANA: There's no probes, Mister Spock. What is it would be a range that he's a three his of the Korve
DANARES: Yes, sir.
BARLIS: I am the way and our destroy this ship is the ship to the ship are you for the will be a lifh
I APOK: It was a charnet has the ergent of the room of this ship is the lacks of the Best. We man it 
WRELA: I understand it was in the fame in the ship in the transporter replanse the some who captain t
RANLARE: I have been report to want to the beam a that all that what I want the other his speak in se
ARENA: You see that you're see on the senrent in the man and the same of listur and here to the perfe
HONIA: Shant what are you will be a start power aboard. All right. It's a down any down in like the p
ENNINA: I am a shater and here is the planet and ship command I can to be a starship and planet in th
OHURA: No, I've got the course of the one to right. There are the poction of a force for the dig shic
